---
layout: post
title: Gazillion Browser Tabs - Meet Workona
categories:
- blog, productivity
---

I'm one of those people with a tab hoarding problem, or at least I used to be. You know the type - 10+ tabs for social networks and messaging platforms, a group of tabs for each of the many side projects I have going, and a mess of miscellaneous other tabs for short-term tasks. Aside from the obvious issues with RAM usage caused by this strategy (thanks Chromium), my tab hoarding was adding to the feeling of an over -commitment to random side projects. I've been on a mission to better categorize my work on side projects to avoid feeling overwhelmed by them. While I was able to make a lot of headway in that area with Trello and my todo lists, I knew that I needed to do something about my mess of browser tabs.

Enter [Workona](), a tab management extension for Chrome based web browsers. Workona creates a set of Workspaces to organize groups of tabs that will be saved for later reference without having to be in view. This means that I can split my social media tabs and side project browsing into different, hidden workspaces and no longer navigate through tons of open tabs. Workspaces are also saved between computers so if I need to access my work computer tabs from home or vice versa then I can. 

### My Workspaces

I typically keep a number of social media and messaging platforms open - a couple email accounts, some forums, some slack workspaces, and more. I used to keep these pinned in my browser window but I've moved these to a dedicated workspace. Putting them in a separate workspace has allowed me to keep them a keystroke away while hiding their notifications and badges away to keep me from getting distracted when I try to do focused work on a project.

I also keep my work computer's tabs in a Workspace so I can access them at home if I need to. I don't do enough web browsing for various projects to justify having multiple work Workspaces currently, but I'm a big fan of the multi-device access and the saving of my tabs between sessions.

My other workspaces are split up by project; I have a few for the various things I'm trying to set up on my Raspberry Pi, one for the app I'm developing, one for a possible Trello extension, and so on. I don't really access them except when I'm committed to working on the project for a period of time but it's nice to always have them saved.

### Useful Keybindings

I try to avoid switching between Workspaces willy-nilly to keep with the spirit of separating tasks, but in practice I often need to switch between my email in the Social Media workspace and various other working tabs. The `alt+s` keybinding allows for switching between Workspaces in a similar manner to `alt+tab` in Windows.
