---
layout: post
title: Book Review: Bullsh\*t Jobs
categories: [book-review]
image:
  - src: bsjobs.png
    alt: Bullsh*t Jobs Book Cover
---

children play games and create imaginary worlds to fulfill fundamendtal need to have influence on the world/surroundings

the impact of the economy on homeless rates points to the root cause of homelessness being economic rather than moral/personal issue

why do people take bs jobs?
why does the economy seem to benefit from bs jobs/what economic forces made this happen?
why aren't people largely thinking of this as a societal problem?

 A lottt more effort is placed on financial machinations rather than actually creating things or providing real services. For example, GM makes more money from car loan finances than making cars

 wtfhappenedin1971.com -- there was a "Keynesian agreement" prior to 1971 where increases in worker productity (and profits as a result) then caused an increase in worker pay. The top 1% has become closer to a ruling class while the pay for hourly workers has stayed level.

 Schools are increasingly being designed to prepare people for future jobs, and the end-result of this line of thinking is that all education and mother's love and such are just to keep the labor pool going.

 "If you spend your working life caring for others, then you will end up so underpaid and deeply in debt that you won't be able to care for your own family".

 a six month bank strike in Irelland fiiiiiiiine but ten day garbage coooooooooollecttor stricke iwk          ended with nnnnnnew york appppologizing profuuuseeeeeeeeeeeely
